you know it's very nice to be on the
Futaba show incredible technology
brought to you I want I want to do
something right away and then you can do
whatever the hell else you want to do
let's let's talk about let's talk about
your movie for a second all right it's
at the or just Dead Poets Society
just Dead Poets depending on what part
of the country they see and a dead poet
if you're deep self yeah
and you play a English literature
professor in a prep school like
everything bitching out literature and
poetry
yeah good do you have a clip I don't
know wait hold on it would go something
like this
I tell you what your movie is playing in
a theater just across the street sure we
take everybody huh we can we can we can
do better than that the miracle of the
bringing Byron back from the dead all
right let's see it - how is the camera
down there there you go it's in the
guild theater whoa let's race our way
across I don't know what is that 50th
there is a 50th Street and where's the
theater it's right next to Texas
let's let's go in and can these people
hear us out of the way out of the way
hey hey get on the bus and go home
can we just go on inside and take a
little look at the film if it's still
playing apparently we can't can we just
go on in there all right I should call
them then there we go here we go a
lovely Lobby I believe that this is the
end of the first showing of the day and
if you can describe the action for us
okay um this is heading towards the
aisle right now
this is usually the part where the guy
turns someone behind me but it ain't
funny at all I don't know what happened
here there's these are credits days and
this is the end of it yeah this is the
last part of the film damn I'm sorry I
screwed this up we thought it would be
fun to see a little bit of the film but
this is a very exciting part this is you
saw people walking out going wow I don't
know maybe we can catch the last showing
of Graeter's it's okay this is thank you
all right well I'm sorry we let's go
back into the lobby how one time and see
if we can do anything in there oh people
are filing out let's ask them let's pull
them now
Turner turn around if he can do it use
me no no anybody for me there's a
moviegoer right there hi hi did you see
the film sir yeah Harrison Ford and Sean
Connery or tremendous get out of the
audience now coming up with it made me
cry baby sigh yeah you're gonna get
slapped - all right let's hey excuse me
sir the man's sneaking out the exit
pardon me yeah too late oh let's try one
more
how do you do ma'am mama mama get away
from me I know that door oh she's going
away I don't like that movie nice to see
you guys thank you very much folks nice
to see everybody well let's sit anyway
it would have it would have been it's a
it's a it's a dramedy it's a two-humped
comedy it's a it's a it's a wonderful
piece actually it's gotta it's a
wonderful story everybody who have seen
it people are saying great things about
it I think it said some of the some of
the poets are here if they're out there
they out there go out there and you're
also ensemble piece I really enjoy doing
it's a great story directed by Peter
Peter we're now we're what you're uh
you're about to have a baby yes very
soon I'm not but no my wife was a figure
of speech
yeah means you they say the man shares
in the birthing experience but unless
you're passing a bowling ball I don't
think so
okay it will be born in New York so it
on so very shortly you're very sure yeah
yeah it's always that thing of the
cabdriver though not now and yeah I'm
afraid not we need to take the placenta
with you now come on and yeah we've been
like we'll be here doing a movie for two
months so it may be born here might be
born in home so we have to prepare
ourselves either way this way your
second when you have a son that's six
that's what I find hard to believe what
oh geez I'm sorry like one of those
things like how did you do it no no it's
just like seamonkey Dave's but different
no what what I mean is those Swanson
frozen sperm dinners the six six years
have have past six years yeah and
another one on the way it will be
amazing it's always difficult how you
deal with them how you relate to them my
son is now we've been what I find now is
we've been playing a lot of Nintendo
which is it's an exciting game really
and it's always nice when you realize
that's like kiddie cocaine and a little
boy did it did it did it and after a
while you play it backwards you ever
played Nintendo tape backwards it goes
we wonder Wharf
strange game we are addicting stuff we
got to do a commercial here and then
we'll continue with the Robin Williams